README.md, before:

# gm_8bit
A module for manipulating voice data in Garry's Mod.

# What does it do?
gm_8bit is designed to be a starting point for any kind of voice stream manipulation you might want to do on a Garry's Mod server (or any source engine server, with a bit of adjustment). 

gm_8bit can decompress and recompress steam voice packets. It includes an SV_BroadcastVoiceData hook to allow server operators to incercept and manipulate this voice data. It makes several things possible, including:
* Relaying server voice data to external locations
* Performing voice recognition and producing transcripts
* Recording voice data in compressed or uncompressed form
* Applying transformation to user voice streams, for example pitch correction, noise suppression, or gain control. 

gm_8bit currently has reference implementations for relaying voice data and applying transformations to voice streams. See the `voice-relay` repository for an example implementation of a server that uses gm_8bit to relay server voice communications to a discord channel. 

# Builds
Both windows and linux builds are available with every commit. See the actions page. 

# API
`eightbit.EnableBroadcast(bool)` Sets whether the module should relay voice packets to `localhost:4000`.

`eightbit.EnableEffect(userid, number)` Sets whether to enable audio effect for a given userid. Takes an eightbit.EFF enum.

`eightbit.SetGainFactor(number)` Sets the gain multiplier to apply to affected userids.

`eightbit.SetCrushFactor(number)` Sets the bitcrush factor for the reference bitcrush implementation.

`eightbit.SetDesampleRate(number)` Sets the desample multiplier, used by EFF_DESAMPLE.

`eightbit.EFF_NONE` No audio effect.

`eightbit.EFF_DESAMPLE` Desamples audio, new frequency is 1/(1-1/n).

`eightbit.EFF_BITCRUSH` Deep fries the audio. Governed by a gain factor and a quantization factor.

Commit message:

Make IP and port configurable

README.md, after:

# gm_8bit
A module for manipulating voice data in Garry's Mod.

# What does it do?
gm_8bit is designed to be a starting point for any kind of voice stream manipulation you might want to do on a Garry's Mod server (or any source engine server, with a bit of adjustment).

gm_8bit can decompress and recompress steam voice packets. It includes an SV_BroadcastVoiceData hook to allow server operators to incercept and manipulate this voice data. It makes several things possible, including:
* Relaying server voice data to external locations
* Performing voice recognition and producing transcripts
* Recording voice data in compressed or uncompressed form
* Applying transformation to user voice streams, for example pitch correction, noise suppression, or gain control.

gm_8bit currently has reference implementations for relaying voice data and applying transformations to voice streams. See the `voice-relay` repository for an example implementation of a server that uses gm_8bit to relay server voice communications to a discord channel.

# Builds
Both windows and linux builds are available with every commit. See the actions page.

# API
`eightbit.EnableBroadcast(bool)` Sets whether the module should relay voice packets to `localhost:4000`.

`eightbit.SetBroadcastIP(string)` Controls what IP the module should relay voice packets to, if broadcast is enabled.

`eightbit.SetBroadcastPort(number)` Controls what port the module should relay voice packets to, if broadcast is enabled.

`eightbit.EnableEffect(userid, number)` Sets whether to enable audio effect for a given userid. Takes an eightbit.EFF enum.

`eightbit.SetGainFactor(number)` Sets the gain multiplier to apply to affected userids.

`eightbit.SetCrushFactor(number)` Sets the bitcrush factor for the reference bitcrush implementation.

`eightbit.SetDesampleRate(number)` Sets the desample multiplier, used by EFF_DESAMPLE.

`eightbit.EFF_NONE` No audio effect.

`eightbit.EFF_DESAMPLE` Desamples audio, new frequency is 1/(1-1/n).

`eightbit.EFF_BITCRUSH` Deep fries the audio. Governed by a gain factor and a quantization factor.
